---
layout: post
title:  "Week 1 & 2 Insights"
author: Nicole
---
Where has your team experienced the most growth over the last two weeks?
It’s often a bit like we’re in the middle of a forest creating our own track – we’ve developed the skills to quickly spot our shortcomings and move out of them rather than getting stuck in a rut! We have a team check in every morning before we start for the day which helps us get on track with one another.

What is/are the current challenge(s) you are tackling at the moment to make progress?
Having too much focus and then not enough, and struggling with neither amount of focus being the right one, our opportunity is very broad and we’re working on streamlining it into something meaningful.

What has been the most energising part of the R9 experience so far?
Most recently the social dinner we went to last Friday night with some people partaking in Lightning Lab XX. We’re so busy in the office and it’s a good way to get out and get to know people. Our team is awesome!!!

What it the most useful bit of learning or advice you have taken away from the programme over last two weeks? 
Definitely the yarns with mentors! We learn’t not too sit at our desks to long so we don’t get stuck in a single track perspective. The 8 new mentors all gave us mind blowing information. Look at the customer hypotheses first, then the problem hypothesis before you go anywhere near the solution hypotheses.  We found the lean startup machine (validation board) very useful.